## Summary

Looking at our data, we came up with three big takeaways related to each of our graphs.
 1. The first takeaway we got was looking at a multiple facets comparing song duration, popularity, energy, tempo, and liveness. The conjunction of these five attributes allowed us to look at multiple attributes and how they correlate all at the same time. Most of the correlations weren't really showing any trend but rather were showing a congregation of points together, demonstrating a collection of songs that shared one same attribute but vastly ranged in the other one. This showed that there wasn't much of a correlation between those two. The only two attributes that showed a small correlation were tempo and energy, and liveness and energy. These two trends are intuitively correct, but don't really connect to popularity.
 2. The second takeaway we got was looking at the second chart. The second chart is comparing the correlation between danceability and popularity in the selected genres. Overall, there was not really a correlation that showed that the more danceable a song is, the more popular it would be. The scatter plot mostly showed a horizontal line of best fit. There were, however, some genres that did have a small correlation. Genres like Dance, Children, Chill, and Rock had slight positive trends where the higher their danceability score was, the more popular the songs were. This shows that overall, the genre influences whether danceability makes a particular song popular.
 3. The last takeaway we got was looking at the third chart. The third chart was an overall comparison looking at the average popularity score for every genre. By displaying all of the genres on screen, we can see that Dance has the most popular songs on average followed by alternative. The least popular genre is Iranian followed by Detroit-Techno and Chicago house. This follows along with the previous insight where danceability had a correlation to popularity in certain genres. Since Dance was the most popular genre, on average, we can conclude that songs that can make people dance become more popular to those who don't. On the flip side, obscure songs and genres stay obscure and do not grow in popularity.
 
### Most Important Takeaway

Our most important takeaway we learned is that the more danceable a song is, the more popular it would be. This conclusion makes sense as when people listen to music, most people want to listen to something that makes them feel good and get a good groove on. Songs that are labeled as danceable are songs that do just that -- get people dancing. When song popularity grows organically, e.i. not through an artificial means like Tiktok or social media. One implication that comes from this insight is how song popularity is shifting to danceable songs meaning other cultural songs, like the obscure genres seen on the third chart, are beginning to be phased out and may not have the same significance or visibility as they have had in the past. As society is moving towards things that quickly grab our attention and are lively, we may start to forget the cultural significance that were prevalent in our past.
